Product Requirements Document

Name: John Blackaby

Product Name: GitFit

Background

Going to the Gym can be intimidating, especially when you are new to the gym. When going for the first time, you don't know
what you are doing, how to start working out, or where to go once you have started. Our product will make it easy and comfortable
for new someone new or old to not only start in the gym, but also keep up with their progress, get workouts, know how much to eat, how
much water to drink, and store all of this information under your profile! Our app offers all the essentials that you will need
when going to the gym.

Project Overview

Our project will help people in the gym keep track of their progress in the gym, but also offer exercises based on what you
want to do in the gym, help you know how much to eat and what to eat in order to reach your goal from where you are now,
and let you know how much water to drink in order to stay healthy in the gym. We want to offer a space where our customer can log
the workouts that they have been doing. We also will offer suggested workouts for the goals that our customer is trying to accomplish,
and a wide array of tools to complete this.

Features

1. Create an Account. As a new user, I want to register by creating a username and password so that the system can remember me and my data
2. Forgot Password. As a user, I want to be able to reset my password if I forget it so that I can log in to my account
3. Protein Calculator. As a user, I want to be able to calculate how much protein I need to consume so that I can meet my goals
4. BMI Calculator. As a user, I want to be able to calculate my BMI so that I can see if I am overweight or not
5. Water Calculator. As a user, I want to be able to calculate how much water I need to drink so that I can stay hydrated
6. Heart Rate Calculator. As a user, I want to be able to calculate what my heart rate should be so that I can see if I am in the right zone
7. Max Rep Calculator. As a user, I want to be able to calculate what my max rep should be so that I can see what weight I should be lifting and what my max rep should be
8. Calorie Calculator. As a user, I want to be able to calculate the number of calories I burn during a typical day so that I can see how many calories I need to consume and burn
9. Workout Tracking. As a user, I want to be able to see the workouts I have done in the past.
10. Workout reccomendations. As a user, I want to find new workouts based on what my goals are in the gym.


Technologies to be used

The technologies that will be used in this project are:
1. React
2. Javascript
3. HTML
4. CSS
5. MUI
6. Firebase