Product Requirements Document
Name: Jack Skupien


Product Name: GitFit


Background

For years, countless people (me included) have always had trouble getting into a routine at the gym. It seems as though every time we try,
we lose our momentum, even with the best of efforts. We aim to fix that problem by helping people keep track of their gym progress.
Additionally, for those who are not as experienced with workout routines, no worries. Our interactive goals tab will help even the most
inexperienced gym-goers begin their new routine.


Project Overview

Our project will help gym-goers track and find new workouts.  Users will be able to select workouts they have done
and they can enter the weight, number of sets, and number of reps.  This will allow the user to track how they have
progressed over time and see what they have done in the past.  We will also give reccomendations on workouts the user
should do based on what their goals are in the gym.  We also want to have an array of health tools that the user can use 
to get a better understanding of where they stand health wise.


Features

1. Create an Account. register by creating a username and password so that the system can remember you and your data
2. Forgot Password. reset your password if you forget it so that you can log in to your account
3. Protein Calculator. calculate how much protein you need to consume so that you can meet your goals
4. BMI Calculator. calculate your BMI so that you can see if you are overweight or not
5. Water Calculator. calculate how much water you need to drink so that you can stay hydrated
6. Heart Rate Calculator. calculate what your heart rate should be so that you can see if you are in the right zone
7. Max Rep Calculator. calculate what your max rep should be so that you can see what weight you should be lifting and what your max rep should be
8. Calorie Calculator. calculate the number of calories you burn during a typical day so that you can see how many calories you need to consume and burn
9. Workout Tracking. see the workouts you have done in the past.
10. Workout reccomendations. find new workouts based on what your goals are in the gym.


Technologies to be used

The technologies that will be used in this project are:
1. React
2. ReactDOM
3. Javascript
4. HTML
5. CSS
6. MUI
7. Firebase
8. date-fns
9. Font Awesome