Product Requirements Document
Name: Fort Hunter


Product Name: GitFit


Background

Going to the gym can be an intimidating experience for newcomers.  They often have no idea where to start and where
to go from there.  We want to change that.  Our product will make things easier for newcomers by giving them iformation 
on where to start based on their goals in the gym. 


Project Overview

Our project will help gym-goers track and find new workouts.  Users will be able to select workouts they have done
and they can enter the weight, number of sets, and number of reps.  This will allow the user to track how they have
progressed over time and see what they have done in the past.  We will also give reccomendations on workouts the user
should do based on what their goals are in the gym.  We also want to have an array of health tools that the user can use 
to get a better understanding of where they stand health wise.


Features

1. Create an Account. As a new user, I want to register by creating a username and password so that the system can remember me and my data
2. Forgot Password. As a user, I want to be able to reset my password if I forget it so that I can log in to my account
3. Protein Calculator. As a user, I want to be able to calculate how much protein I need to consume so that I can meet my goals
4. BMI Calculator. As a user, I want to be able to calculate my BMI so that I can see if I am overweight or not
5. Water Calculator. As a user, I want to be able to calculate how much water I need to drink so that I can stay hydrated
6. Heart Rate Calculator. As a user, I want to be able to calculate what my heart rate should be so that I can see if I am in the right zone
7. Max Rep Calculator. As a user, I want to be able to calculate what my max rep should be so that I can see what weight I should be lifting and what my max rep should be
8. Calorie Calculator. As a user, I want to be able to calculate the number of calories I burn during a typical day so that I can see how many calories I need to consume and burn
9. Workout Tracking. As a user, I want to be able to see the workouts I have done in the past.
10. Workout reccomendations. As a user, I want to find new workouts based on what my goals are in the gym.


Technologies to be used

The technologies that will be used in this project are:
1. React
2. Javascript
3. HTML
4. CSS
5. MUI
6. Firebase